"Diplomatic Throne"
-------------------

In a steam-punk universe, the party must find and rescue the missing princess.  they need to act quickly before the general populace realizes she's missing.
However, their direct supervisor is secretly working for the villain.
The villain seeks to dissolve the monarchy and replace it with a republic, but a republic where only his direct cronies have votes, esentially making him the ruler.  A charismatic villain with a cult of personallity to bring many high-ranking individuals into the fold.

The players use an extensive railway sustem to travel between locations.
At these locations, there is a combination of looking for clues, navigating mazes and buildings and fighting the villain's lackeys, random bandits, supernatural wildlife, etc.

The players investigate locations for clues and information to lead them to the next location.
There should be a decent amount of red herrings and unnecessary stops to prevent brute-forcing the solutions.
As the investigation expands, they gain access to new train stops.

Near the end, we can have an event where they need to fight their way to the front of the train.
In the end, the party will need to defeat their turncoat commander, a cowardly aristocrat that was convinced they would share power with the main villain, and of course, the villain themselves.


"Copy Detail"
-------------

In 'Paradise', there is no freedom.  In this cyberpunk dystopia, all things must come from the central order.
The party is a team designed to crack down on unlicensed gardens, wood-stoves and generators.  Self-sufficience is against the order.

The party is accused of rebellious intent and needs to clear their names.  A member of the party cuts a deal and betrays the party.  The party tries to form a resistance, but the people are too demoralized and the order's robotic drones are too effective and expendable.  They never had a chance.  What's left goes deeper underground to search for their chance to take revenge on the betrayer and make a dent against the order.

Much of the exploration can happen underground, in tight, crowded camps, labyrinthine residence blocks, and the deep forgotten tunnels.


"Finger Valley"
---------------

A secluded hermit witch is brutally murdered.  Her ecclectic collection of small enchanted familiars vows revenge.  As magical creations, they don't fully undertand why this would happen.  As they search, mysteries unfold about withes, superstitions, and their patron witch, specifically.  They can then make choices that might be expedient but would justify the fear of withces, or not.


"Nuance Gloom"
--------------

A party of thralls to a fledgeling dragon need to divert and subvert attempts by wandering adventurers and royal knights to locate and slay their leige.  The more that people dissapear mysteriously, the more people might come to investigate.  The more people come to investigate, the greater defenses are needed.  The greater defenses in place, the more suspicious it becomes.  Meanwhile the dragon grows in power and wealth.


"Lead Moral"
------------

This story gets told in reverse, or at least out of order.
The aged frail man awakens from his nap.  The air is dry and hot.  Looking around the cave, he sees a party of people he doesn't recognize, but thinks he should.
"Where am I?  Who are you?" he asks.
From within the bandaged and freshly battle-scarred group, a woman with gray-streaked hair rests her hand on his shoulder.  In a voice that sounds eerily too well-practiced, she says, 
"You are the greatest wizard in these lands.  An evil dragon plagues the kingdom.  We were sent to kill it.  Your magic is our best hope to slay it."
"Wh.. where is this dragon?"
"We've travelled long and far.  It slumbers in the nearby chamber."  She points to a cragged cave opening.  Orange light flickers from inside.  It is the source of the heat.
"I'll need a powerful spell."
She hands him a sheath of parchment covered in cryptic runes and arcane text.
"But... this is my handwriting..."
"Of course, you wrote it."
"Who are you?"
"Your memory has failed you in your old age.  I've been your caretaker for over ten years, now."
"Oh..."
A man in armor swallows hard and wipes the sweat off his brow.
He asks, "Are you ready?"
"I... I guess I have to be..."

Pardon teh drama, I think that would be a neat way to start a story.  A wizard with alzheimers.  You basically start at the end, right before the boss fight, then work (mostly) backwards from there with the story.  The party was sent with him to make sure he reaches the dragon with a spell that can defeat it.


"Engine Reliance"
-----------------

The party is running across the wilderness with wild abandon, carrying a satchel.  Hot on their heels, a group of rough looking brigands chases them.  The race is on.  But what is in the satchel?


"Adoption Clay"
---------------

Everyone knows that in any crypt, you are likely to find some poor restless dead, rise and patrol the tomb, sometimes centuries after their death.  But in one very specific crypt in a very unassuming tiny village, never has this issue.  The party needs to find out why.


"Declaration Limit"
-------------------

A devil creates an underground death-maze to claim souls.  He places a mound of treasure at the end to taunt thrill-seekers.  However, at the location directly around his maze's entrance, a small city springs up for unrelated reasons.  The area fills with speculators and homesteaders and the dungeon is largely forgotten.  When it is remembered, it's considered a town joke.  No one would be dumb enough to enter maze.  You can make more wealth through legitimate means than that paltry treasure.  The town officials even fence off the area.  The devil beleive the town should rightfully be under his rule, but is having trouble enforcing his claim.  The town's normal leadership is plenty corrupt without the devil's help.

The party arrives in town and can pick their side.

